Executive Summary
Write up as though you are explaining this week's lab to others.

Software
Explain the roles of application, utility and operating system software. Give an example of each.
Role of Application is to perform certain tasks like word processing,database management and video games. Example: The "killer app" or excel which are spreadsheets for database management
Role of operating system is to manage hardware and create interface between the hardware and the user. Example: all computing require one especially personal ones like Mac and window
Role of utility is to fix or modify your computer. Example: to install softeware or remove them.
Explain the purpose of ERP software and provide an uexample.
ERP purpose is bring an entire organization into one program.
Explain the purpose of virtualization and describe how it differs from cloud computing.
The purpose of virtualization is to use software to simulate in a single computer that can perform the functions of several computers.
It differs from cloud computing because virtualization makes computing independent of physical infrastructure, cloud computing is a service that uses shared computing resources. 
Python
Follow the tasks for pythong coding. Then upload screenshot of python code (named Python) and output to this folder
Virtualization
What types of problems are solved with virtualization?
It reduces capitol and operating cost.
What role does hypervisor play in virtualization?
The role hypervisor play is it decouples the virtual machines from the host and allocates computing resources in each machine.
Career Exploration
Career Exploration
Tri-C College Central:
Register for a student account.
Use one of the search options such as "Search - Intern Central," take a screenshot of the listings (include your name in the upper right-hand corner in your screenshot,) name the file: CollegeCentral and upload to your lab folder.
Bureau of Labor Statistics
Go to: Bureau of Labor Statistics website and continue exploring careers in IT (or your area of interest.) You can search for "web developer" or "network" or "cyber" and see what jobs appear. Report your findings including job title, salary and projected growth. You can upload a screenshot if you want.
Industry Certification
Explore a certification and report your findings. (CompTIA , Cisco , CISSP or any other certification)
ComTIA is a certification that applies behavioral analytics to prevent cyber sercurity. They cover most of the core security and application security.
College Certificates
Explore the Tri-C certificates at: Tri-C IT Programs and report on a certificate of interest (short-term or post-degree.)
My certificate of interest is the Associate of applies business degree in information and technology- prigramming and development.
Explain what you need to do to become co-op "ready" and the benefits of pursuing a co-op or internship
To become co-op ready I need to be able to adapt to changes, communicate and have written and presentation skills, operate in a diverse environment and be able to meet project deadlines.
Professional Membership
Pick one of the IT organizations like IEEE or ACM or a student club and report the purpose of the organization and why membership would be beneficial.
Acm-w is my IT organization, the purpose of the organization is to support women globally in the computer industry. It would be beneficial to me because I am a woman who wants to get ahead in the computer field and having that support would be very beneficial.
Conclusion
Summary of your understanding from this week's lab 
My understanding of this week's lab is to be informed of the different computer systems used, also of the different programs that are out there to get a degrr in.
